okay we're back I'm doing freestyle
skiing okay haven't seen my last video
another first I'll still skiing
British is this is just like the arm one
for the you know this is just like the
snowboarding one except you use both
controls in there some few years
nunchuck and so no not go smash i donít
see ghosts else while i'm doing this i'm
just gonna show you on does matches out
all you do is like face these ghosts
ghosts that have really good time i can
only beat it the snowboard event since
that's the only one I do really get at
that was the dream we're going to be
facing a ghost and probably in a loosely
because this is an excellent list these
are like expert this I'm very good ghost
to see a ghost wait
another job
so you're not that good at the schemes
and at least being these guys
1-1 point just for using that and what's
the point of having it huh so you can
trick on trip on speedcross that's what
i don't like about us push to
that's cheap
guessing that ghost was chef I'm
guessing that ghost was shadow because
it did the exact same thing when he got
to go ah if you look at that closely I
almost beat that time I almost beat um
Mario's no no oh yeah if you beat a
record or get an Olympic record then you
get a hundred points that's my father
favorites if you really want to get
shopping points I just play the festival
those who knows you can get so much for
it's because I'm the end even if you
come in like the first to get so much
points you can buy almost anything show
so thank you watching and Oh sweetheart
in time or I got a ghost I
okay um next I'm going to show you we're
not quitting offline well I'll see you
next part way i'm gonna i accidentally
do that I don't know what I'm not
talking about
next next I'm going to show you
snowboard this is my one of my favorite
events and this is my one of my best
mates I mean me black me in black age I
went over to his house firm a couple day
a couple met her like a couple hours I
want to play with them and showing
snowboard cross and all the events you
don't start out with all this or you
don't start out with all the dream bids
see all these dream events i'll show you
later you'd start out in this you don't
start out with all this except for on
then olympic events you start out with
the dream events you only start out with
like two okay yeah next I'll show your
snowboard cross and there's snowboard
okay Oh see you next part